addressed #30 and #5 additionally deleted unneeded function (#61)
GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst: CHANGELOG.md

- Add option to select different datasets and fid fields as input to OQT ([#4])
- Rewrite save and load indicator from database logic to use one result table for all indicator results ([#37])
- Remove GUF Comparison indicator ([#55])

> - website: html parameters from countryID and topic to id and report ([#30])
> - website: mentions API and github ([#5])
> - website: on Click to marker now only zooms to polygon instead to fixed value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Small changes to the Website ([#61])
  - Change HTML parameters from countryID and topic to id and report ([#30])
  - Mention API and GitHub on About page ([#5])
  - On Click to marker now only zooms to polygon instead to fixed value 
```

[#4]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/issues/4
[#37]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/pull/37
[#55]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/pull/55
[#30]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/issues/30

> [#5]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/issues/5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#5]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/issues/5
[#61]: https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst/pull/61
```
